# 2017MCM-ICM-Problem-F
## Migration to Mars: Utopian Workforce of the 2100 Urban Society
###                         Summary

>The economic workforce education system created by The Migration to Mars Program refers to the steady growth in social GDP and the social happi- ness index remained at a high level at the same time. Calculating the happiness index of the society and predicting the trend of social happiness index is the key of this modeling. Our team have explored these issues in depth and ana- lyzed them in order to obtain the results of great value. We take into account the influence of the parameters in the social model, determine the factors that affect the three indices of income, education and equality, and quantify them, and apply them to the model.
Our team obtain relevant data from the official website and use stratified sampling method to obtain a sample with sample size of 10000. We analyze and describe character distributions of the sample, and quantify the parameters by fuzzy comprehensive evaluation. Then, we use the analytic hierarchy process to establish a static model, and assess the comprehensive happiness index of the community and use the sampled data for testing and validation. In order to simulate the comprehensive happiness index with the time of the relationship, we have improved the model by using grey prediction model to build a new model, and simulated the changes in the happiness index over the next ten years. When considering how the model will run for different groups, we ad- just the model to maximize the sub-group's priority outcomes without signifi- cantly reducing global outcomes. When the model is simulated in the long-term
plan, we found that when large-scale long-term population migration, the so- cial share of resources is at important position. In this time, At this point, in- come, education, equality three index values can’t be maximized, but the Com- prehensive happiness index is the highest.
Finally, we give conclusions about the strength and weakness of our mod- el's accuracy, applicability, and scalability.

>Keywords: Stratified sampling method, Fuzzy comprehensive evaluation, Var- iation coefficient method, Analytic hierarchy model, Gross National Happi- ness(GNI), Gini coefficient, Econometrics.
